Tutorials.md, before:

> [Wiki](Home) ▸ **Tutorials**

Please feel free to add links to your work!

### Introductions & Core Concepts

* [Introduction](https://d3js.org/#introduction)
* [Let’s Make a Bar Chart, Parts I](http://bost.ocks.org/mike/bar/), [II](http://bost.ocks.org/mike/bar/2/) & [III](http://bost.ocks.org/mike/bar/3/)
* [Three Little Circles](http://bost.ocks.org/mike/circles/)
* [Thinking with Joins](http://bost.ocks.org/mike/join/)
* [How Selections Work](http://bost.ocks.org/mike/selection/)
* [How Selections Work(Korean)](http://hanmomhanda.github.io/Docs/d3/How-Selections-Work.html)
* [General Update Pattern, Parts I](http://bl.ocks.org/mbostock/3808218), [II](http://bl.ocks.org/mbostock/3808221) & [III](http://bl.ocks.org/mbostock/3808234)
* [Nested Selections](http://bost.ocks.org/mike/nest/)
* [Object Constancy](http://bost.ocks.org/mike/constancy/)
* [Working with Transitions](http://bost.ocks.org/mike/transition/)
* [D3 Tutorials](http://alignedleft.com/tutorials/d3/) - Scott Murray
* [D3 Interactive Bar Chart Tutorial](https://www.rtfmanual.io/d3garden/) - Kevin Kononenko
* [Create A Bar Chart With D3 JavaScript](http://vegibit.com/create-a-bar-chart-with-d3-javascript/) - Vegibit
* [Try D3 Now](http://christopheviau.com/d3_tutorial/) - Christophe Viau
* [Getting Started with D3 Graphs](http://thinkingonthinking.com/Getting-Started-With-D3/) - Patrick Mulder
* [D3 for Mere Mortals](http://www.recursion.org/d3-for-mere-mortals/) - Luke Francl
* [D3, Conceptually](http://code.hazzens.com/d3tut/) - Mikey Levine
* [Introduction to D3](http://dealloc.me/2011/06/24/d3-is-not-a-graphing-library/) - Justin Palmer
* [A tiny introduction to d3.js with Moon Phase Visualizer](http://palerdot.github.io/moon-phase-visualizer/d3-moon-viz.html) - palerdot
* [D3.js experiments in the console](http://www.ultrasaurus.com/sarahblog/2012/03/d3-js-experiments-in-the-console/) - Sarah Allen
* [Creating Basic Charts using d3.js](http://www.verisi.com/resources/d3-tutorial-basic-charts.htm) - Ben Lorica
* [Get dirty with data using d3.js](http://2011.12devsofxmas.co.uk/2012/01/data-visualisation/) - Clinton Montague
* [For Protovis Users](http://mbostock.github.com/d3/tutorial/protovis.html)
* [Manipulating data like a boss with d3](http://www.jeromecukier.net/blog/2012/05/28/manipulating-data-like-a-boss-with-d3/) - Jerome Cukier
* [Creating Animations and Transitions With D3](http://blog.visual.ly/creating-animations-and-transitions-with-d3-js/) - Jerome Cukier
* [Introduction to D3](http://thecodingtutorials.blogspot.com/2012/07/introduction-to-d3.html) and [more tutorials](http://thecodingtutorials.blogspot.com/search/label/D3) - Andrew Davis
* [d3 O'Clock: Building a Virtual Analog Clock with d3.js (Part I)](https://www.ericbullington.com/blog/2012/10/27/d3-oclock/) - Eric S. Bullington
* [How to Make an Interactive Network Visualization](http://flowingdata.com/2012/08/02/how-to-make-an-interactive-network-visualization/) - Jim Vallandingham
* [Learn how to make Data Visualizations with D3.js](http://www.dashingd3js.com/) - Dashingd3js
* [Introduction to d3.js and data-driven visualizations](http://www.skillshare.com/Introduction-to-d3js-and-data-driven-visualizations/1912580409) - Kenny Peng
* [http://nowherenearithaca.blogspot.com/2012/06/annotating-d3-example-with-docco.html](http://nowherenearithaca.blogspot.com/2012/06/annotating-d3-example-with-docco.html) - Brad Flyon
* [D3.js Tips and Tricks Blog](http://www.d3noob.org/) and [pdf book version](https://leanpub.com/D3-Tips-and-Tricks) and [read full text online](https://leanpub.com/D3-Tips-and-Tricks/read) - D3noob
* [Introduction to D3.js Geo](http://www.maori.geek.nz/d3_js_geo_fun) - Graham Jenson
* [First glance on D3.js (codecademy course)](http://www.codecademy.com/courses/web-beginner-en-kcP9b) - Jiecheng
* [Creating Interactive Charts with D3.js](http://blog.ilukwe.com/post/52094586400/creating-interactive-charts-with-d3-js) - Anthony Ilukwe
* [How to handle dynamic JSON Data (enter/exit)](http://pothibo.com/2013/09/d3-js-how-to-handle-dynamic-json-data/) - Pier-Olivier Thibault
* [Understanding Selections](http://prcweb.co.uk/lab/selection/) - Peter Cook
* [Visualize with d3js](http://hsilomedus.me/wp-content/uploads/javadayd3/index.html) - Pance Cavkovski
* [Drawing a many-to-many relationship with a simple blog-post-tag example](http://vijayrc.com/vectorclocks/vrc/post/d3) - Vijay Chakravarthy
* [Introduction to D3, with applications to big data](http://www.samselikoff.com/tutorials/intro-to-d3-big-data.html) - Sam Selikoff
* [D3 Dynamic Tables with Nested Data](http://bl.ocks.org/LeeMendelowitz/11383724) - Lee Mendelowitz
* [Getting started with D3.js](http://eyalarubas.com/getting-started-with-d3js.html) - Eyal Arubas
* [Visualizing Data with D3.js](http://uwdata.github.io/d3-tutorials/#/) - Tutorials for [Data Visualization Course](http://cse.uw.edu/512) at University of Washington (compiled by Kanit "Ham" Wongsuphasawat)
* [On D3 Components](http://ag.svbtle.com/on-d3-components) by Pedram Emrouznejad
* [Notes on my D3 Visualizations Development Workflow](https://thoughtstreams.io/paltman/developing-d3-visualizations/) by Patrick Altman
* [Make a Force-Directed China Map with D3.js (Chinese)](http://www.ourd3js.com/wordpress/?p=318) by Mantouhuahua
* [The Force-Directed Relationship Diagram with D3.js (Chinese)](http://www.ourd3js.com/wordpress/?p=606) by Mantouhuahua
* [Introduction to D3.js(Traditional Chinese)](http://blog.infographics.tw/2015/03/d3js-the-introduction/) by infographics.tw
* [Learn D3.js from scratch(Italian)](http://www.neposlab.com/series/d3js/) by Carlo
* [Playing with React & D3.js](https://github.com/freddyrangel/playing-with-react-and-d3) by Freddy Rangel
* [Introduction to D3.js (Traditional Chinese)](http://www.slideshare.net/kurotanshi/study4tw-d3js) by Kuro Hsu
* [Building a chart with D3 and TypeScript](https://hstefanski.wordpress.com/2015/06/07/creating-a-chart-with-d3-and-typescript-part-1/) by [Hugues Stefanski](https://github.com/Ledragon)
* [From Zero to D3](http://www.coppelia.io/2016/01/from-zero-to-d3/) by Simon Raper
* [Let's Learn D3.js](https://buildingvts.com/let-s-learn-d3-js-708577173130) by Andrew Lin
* [Moreal D3.js Wiki](https://kb.moreal.co/d3) by Crypteia Networks
* [10 D3 Must Knows](http://animateddata.co.uk/articles/d3/whatisd3/) by Peter Cook

### Specific Techniques

* [Path and Transform Transitions](http://bost.ocks.org/mike/path/)
* [Let’s Make a Map](http://bost.ocks.org/mike/map/)
* [Towards Reusable Charts](http://bost.ocks.org/mike/chart/)
* [Using Inkscape with d3](http://christopheviau.com/d3_tutorial/d3_inkscape/) - Christophe Viau
* [Pie Chart Updating with Text](http://blog.stephenboak.com/2011/08/07/easy-as-a-pie.html) - Stephen Boak
* [How to Make Choropleth Maps in D3](http://blog.visual.ly/how-to-make-choropleth-maps-in-d3/) - EJ Fox
* [Converting dynamic SVG to PNG with node.js, d3 and Imagemagick](http://eng.wealthfront.com/2011/12/converting-dynamic-svg-to-png-with.html) - Wealthfront
* [Creating Animated Bubble Charts in D3](http://vallandingham.me/bubble_charts_in_d3.html) - Jim Vallandingham
* [Multiple area charts with d3.js](http://tympanus.net/codrops/2012/08/29/multiple-area-charts-with-d3-js/)
* [Creating a Polar Area Diagram](http://kreese.net/blog/2012/08/26/d3-js-creating-a-polar-area-diagram-radial-bar-chart/) - Kristopher Reese
* [Smooth Transitioning of Polar Area Diagrams](http://kreese.net/blog/2013/06/26/d3-js-smooth-transitioning-of-polar-area-diagram/) - Kristopher Reese
* [Building a lightweight, flexible d3.js dashboard (3-part series)](http://mobiledevmemo.com/building-a-lightweight-flexible-d3-js-dashboard-part-1-of-2/) - Eric Seufert
* [Integrating D3 with a CouchDB database](https://gist.github.com/anonymous/9275891) - Reinhard Engel and Simon Metson
* [An interactive explanation of quadtrees](http://jimkang.com/quadtreevis/) - Jim Kang
* [An A to Z of extra features for the d3 force layout](http://www.coppelia.io/an-a-to-z-of-extra-features-for-the-d3-force-layout/) - Simon Raper
* [Stream data to create realtime, live-updating D3.js charts](http://www.pubnub.com/blog/stream-data-to-create-realtime-charts-w-d3js-and-rickshaw/) - Ian Jennings
* [Graphing memory usage in realtime using D3.js and Rickshaw](http://www.pubnub.com/blog/graphing-node-js-memory-usage-d3-js-rickshaw/) - Ian Jennings

### D3 v4
* [Let’s Make a (D3) Plugin](https://bost.ocks.org/mike/d3-plugin/)
* [Reactive visualizations with D3 v4](https://t.co/4lp3OwO2xi)
* [A simple D3 plugin](https://537.io/a-simple-d3-plugin/)
* [Notes from the Unconf 2015](https://github.com/visfest/topics2015/wiki/Session-3A:-D3-v4-(modular))

## Blogs

* [Mike Bostock](http://bost.ocks.org/mike/)
* [Jan Willem Tulp](http://www.janwillemtulp.com/category/d3/)
* [Jérôme Cukier](http://www.jeromecukier.net/blog/category/d3/)
* [Jim Vallandingham](http://vallandingham.me/)
* [Bharat Bhole](http://knowledgestockpile.blogspot.com/search/label/D3)
* [OUR D3.JS(Chinese)](http://www.ourd3js.com/wordpress/)
* [Peter Cook](http://animateddata.co.uk/articles/)
* [PubNub](http://www.pubnub.com/blog/tag/d3-js/)
* [infographics.tw](http://blog.infographics.tw/tag/d3js/)
* [neposlab.com (italian)](http://www.neposlab.com/tag/d3js/)

## Books

* [Getting Started with D3](http://shop.oreilly.com/product/0636920025429.do)<br>Mike Dewar, O'Reilly Media, June 2012
* [Interactive Data Visualization for the Web](http://chimera.labs.oreilly.com/books/1230000000345)<br>Scott Murray, O'Reilly Media, November 2012
* [Data Visualization with d3.js](http://www.packtpub.com/data-visualization-with-d3js/book)<br>Swizec Teller, Packt Publishing, October 2013
* [Data Visualization with D3.js Cookbook](http://www.packtpub.com/data-visualization-with-d3-js-cookbook/book)<br>Nick Qi Zhu, Packt Publishing, October 2013
* [Mastering D3.js](https://www.packtpub.com/web-development/mastering-d3js)<br>Pablo Navarro Castillo, Packt Publishing, August 2014
* [D3.js in Action](http://www.manning.com/meeks/)<br>Elijah Meeks, Manning Publications, 2014
* [Learning D3.js Mapping](https://www.packtpub.com/web-development/learning-d3js-mapping)<br> Thomas Newton, Oscar Villarreal, Packt Publishing, 2014
* [Visual Storytelling with D3](http://ritchiesking.com/book/)<br>Ritchie King, Addison-Wesley, 2014
* [D3 on AngularJS](https://leanpub.com/d3angularjs)<br>Ari Lerner + Victor Powell, Leanpub, 2014
* [Data Visualization with d3.js Cookbook](http://oreil.ly/1JCkacm)

## Courses

* [Data Visualization and D3.js](https://www.udacity.com/course/ud507)<br>Jonathan Dinu + Ryan Orban, Udacity, 2014
* [Data Visualization and Infographics with D3.js](http://journalismcourses.org/D3.html)<br>Alberto Cairo + Scott Murray, Knight Center, 2015

## Talks and Videos

* [Introduction to D3](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8jvoTV54nXw)<br>Curran Kelleher, Bay Area D3 Meetup, April 2015
* [Free tagtree screencast - thinking with joins](https://www.tagtree.tv/d3-episode2-thinking-with-joins?share_code=unloveable-peanut)
<br>August 2014
* [For Example](https://vimeo.com/channels/544709/69448223) [(Write-up)](http://bost.ocks.org/mike/example/) <br>Eyeo Festival, June 2013.
* [Visualizing Data with Web Standards](http://cdn-smooth.ms-studiosmedia.com/events/W3C/Day2/Web_Standards.mp4) [(Slides)](http://mbostock.github.com/d3/talk/20111116/) <br>W3Conf, November 2011.
* [SVG Open Keynote (Slides)](http://mbostock.github.com/d3/talk/20111018/) <br>Microsoft Research, October 2011.
* [Use the Force!](http://vimeo.com/29458354) [(Slides)](http://mbostock.github.com/d3/talk/20110921/) <br>Trulia, September 2011.
* [D3 workshop (Slides)](http://bost.ocks.org/mike/d3/workshop/)<br>VIZBI, March 2012.
* [Intro to d3](http://webholics.github.com/talk-munichjs-d3/#2.0)<br>JavaScript User Group Munich, March 2012
* [Simple D3.js Bar Chart Webcast](http://enja.org/2011/09/15/simple-d3-js-pie-chart-webcast/)<br>Ian Johnson.
* [Using Selections in D3 to Make Data-Driven Visualizations](http://blog.visual.ly/using-selections-in-d3-to-make-data-driven-visualizations/)<br>Ian Johnson.
* [Visual.ly Meetup Recap: Introductory D3 Workshop](http://blog.visual.ly/visual-ly-meetup-recap-introductory-d3-workshop/)<br>Aleksandra Todorova, Visual.ly February 16 2011.
* [First steps in data visualisation using d3.js](http://vimeo.com/35005701)<br>Mike Dewar, New York Open Statistical Programming Meetup January 12 2012
* [Data Visualization Using D3.js](http://www.ustream.tv/recorded/20313703)<br>Jim McCusker, TWed talk February 2012
* [An introduction to d3.js video with synced visualisation](http://latentflip.github.com/d3/techmeetup)<br>Philip Roberts at TechMeetup Edinburgh, November 2012
* [Slides and live code from the GAFFTA d3 intro workshop](http://enjalot.github.com/intro-d3/gaffta/#/)<br> Ian Johnson 2012
* [Data Visualization with D3.js, slides and video](http://benclinkinbeard.com/talks/2012/NCDevCon/#/)<br>Ben Clinkinbeard, NCDevCon 2012
* [Design process of The Electoral Map](http://shancarter.com/talk/2012/visualized/)<br>Shan Carter, Big Data Think Tank December 2012
* [D3.js - Data Visualisation in the Browser](http://prcweb.co.uk/slides/d3/)<br>Peter Cook, Async Brighton, January 2013
* [An Intro to D3.js - Data-Driven Delight](http://anna.ps/talks/fel/)<br>Anna Powell-Smith, Front-End London, January 2013
* [Building apps with D3.js](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hhSlX_r7GZA)<br>Nathan Vander Wilt, CascadiaJS, November 2013
* [Data visualization for the web with D3.js (English slides)](http://ptamarit.com/slides-data-viz-web-d3/en/)<br>[Visualisation de données pour le web avec D3.js (French video)](http://www.infoq.com/fr/presentations/visualisation-donnees-web-d3js) [(French slides)](http://ptamarit.com/slides-data-viz-web-d3/fr/)<br>Pablo Tamarit, Soft-Shake conference, October 2013
* [Ember and D3: Building a simple dashboard](http://www.samselikoff.com/blog/2013/08/09/ember-d3-simple-dashboards/)<br>Sam Selikoff, Boston Ember Meetup, August 2013
* [D3 Layouts](http://animateddata.co.uk/slides/d3-layouts/slides/#/)<br>Peter Cook, Async Brighton, January 2015
* [Building Interactive Data Visualizations](https://github.com/Jay-Oh-eN/strata-interactive-data-viz)<br>Jonathan Dinu, Strata San Jose, February 2015

## Meetups

* [Bay Area d3 User Group](http://www.meetup.com/Bay-Area-d3-User-Group/)
* [NYC D3.js](http://www.meetup.com/NYC-D3-JS/)
* [London d3.js User Group] (http://lanyrd.com/series/london-d3-js/)
* [Boston d3.js User Group](http://www.meetup.com/Boston-d3-js-User-Group/)
* [Berlin Visualization Group](http://www.meetup.com/Data-Visualization-Berlin/)
* [Belo Horizonte d3.js User Group](http://www.meetup.com/d3js-BH/)
* [Twin Cities D3.js Meetup Group](http://www.meetup.com/Twin-Cities-D3js/)
* [Boulder/Denver D3.js and Data Visualization](http://www.meetup.com/Boulder-Denver-D3-and-Data-Visualization/)
* [Austin d3.js Meetup](http://www.meetup.com/Austin-d3-js-Meetup/)
* [Auckland d3-js](http://www.meetup.com/Auckland-d3-js/)
* [Bangalore d3.js User Group](http://www.meetup.com/Bangalore-d3-js-User-Group/)
* [Boulder-Denver D3.js and Data Visualization] (http://www.meetup.com/Boulder-Denver-D3-and-Data-Visualization/)
* [Taipei D3.js Meetup](http://www.meetup.com/Taipei-D3-js-Meetup/)


## Research Papers

* [[D3: Data-Driven Documents|http://vis.stanford.edu/papers/d3]]<br>Michael Bostock, Vadim Ogievetsky, Jeffrey Heer<br>*IEEE Trans. Visualization & Comp. Graphics (Proc. InfoVis)*, 2011

Commit message:

Adding a link to the change log to help people using version 4 follow along with the mostly v3 tutorials.  As a new user this simple link would have saved me a great deal of frustration

Tutorials.md, after:

> [Wiki](Home) ▸ **Tutorials**

Please feel free to add links to your work!

Many of the tutorials are version 3 specific, if you run into issues with missing methods in version 4 make sure to check [the changelog](https://github.com/d3/d3/blob/master/CHANGES.md) and update the offending methods to follow along.

### Introductions & Core Concepts

* [Introduction](https://d3js.org/#introduction)
* [Let’s Make a Bar Chart, Parts I](http://bost.ocks.org/mike/bar/), [II](http://bost.ocks.org/mike/bar/2/) & [III](http://bost.ocks.org/mike/bar/3/)
* [Three Little Circles](http://bost.ocks.org/mike/circles/)
* [Thinking with Joins](http://bost.ocks.org/mike/join/)
* [How Selections Work](http://bost.ocks.org/mike/selection/)
* [How Selections Work(Korean)](http://hanmomhanda.github.io/Docs/d3/How-Selections-Work.html)
* [General Update Pattern, Parts I](http://bl.ocks.org/mbostock/3808218), [II](http://bl.ocks.org/mbostock/3808221) & [III](http://bl.ocks.org/mbostock/3808234)
* [Nested Selections](http://bost.ocks.org/mike/nest/)
* [Object Constancy](http://bost.ocks.org/mike/constancy/)
* [Working with Transitions](http://bost.ocks.org/mike/transition/)
* [D3 Tutorials](http://alignedleft.com/tutorials/d3/) - Scott Murray
* [D3 Interactive Bar Chart Tutorial](https://www.rtfmanual.io/d3garden/) - Kevin Kononenko
* [Create A Bar Chart With D3 JavaScript](http://vegibit.com/create-a-bar-chart-with-d3-javascript/) - Vegibit
* [Try D3 Now](http://christopheviau.com/d3_tutorial/) - Christophe Viau
* [Getting Started with D3 Graphs](http://thinkingonthinking.com/Getting-Started-With-D3/) - Patrick Mulder
* [D3 for Mere Mortals](http://www.recursion.org/d3-for-mere-mortals/) - Luke Francl
* [D3, Conceptually](http://code.hazzens.com/d3tut/) - Mikey Levine
* [Introduction to D3](http://dealloc.me/2011/06/24/d3-is-not-a-graphing-library/) - Justin Palmer
* [A tiny introduction to d3.js with Moon Phase Visualizer](http://palerdot.github.io/moon-phase-visualizer/d3-moon-viz.html) - palerdot
* [D3.js experiments in the console](http://www.ultrasaurus.com/sarahblog/2012/03/d3-js-experiments-in-the-console/) - Sarah Allen
* [Creating Basic Charts using d3.js](http://www.verisi.com/resources/d3-tutorial-basic-charts.htm) - Ben Lorica
* [Get dirty with data using d3.js](http://2011.12devsofxmas.co.uk/2012/01/data-visualisation/) - Clinton Montague
* [For Protovis Users](http://mbostock.github.com/d3/tutorial/protovis.html)
* [Manipulating data like a boss with d3](http://www.jeromecukier.net/blog/2012/05/28/manipulating-data-like-a-boss-with-d3/) - Jerome Cukier
* [Creating Animations and Transitions With D3](http://blog.visual.ly/creating-animations-and-transitions-with-d3-js/) - Jerome Cukier
* [Introduction to D3](http://thecodingtutorials.blogspot.com/2012/07/introduction-to-d3.html) and [more tutorials](http://thecodingtutorials.blogspot.com/search/label/D3) - Andrew Davis
* [d3 O'Clock: Building a Virtual Analog Clock with d3.js (Part I)](https://www.ericbullington.com/blog/2012/10/27/d3-oclock/) - Eric S. Bullington
* [How to Make an Interactive Network Visualization](http://flowingdata.com/2012/08/02/how-to-make-an-interactive-network-visualization/) - Jim Vallandingham
* [Learn how to make Data Visualizations with D3.js](http://www.dashingd3js.com/) - Dashingd3js
* [Introduction to d3.js and data-driven visualizations](http://www.skillshare.com/Introduction-to-d3js-and-data-driven-visualizations/1912580409) - Kenny Peng
* [http://nowherenearithaca.blogspot.com/2012/06/annotating-d3-example-with-docco.html](http://nowherenearithaca.blogspot.com/2012/06/annotating-d3-example-with-docco.html) - Brad Flyon
* [D3.js Tips and Tricks Blog](http://www.d3noob.org/) and [pdf book version](https://leanpub.com/D3-Tips-and-Tricks) and [read full text online](https://leanpub.com/D3-Tips-and-Tricks/read) - D3noob
* [Introduction to D3.js Geo](http://www.maori.geek.nz/d3_js_geo_fun) - Graham Jenson
* [First glance on D3.js (codecademy course)](http://www.codecademy.com/courses/web-beginner-en-kcP9b) - Jiecheng
* [Creating Interactive Charts with D3.js](http://blog.ilukwe.com/post/52094586400/creating-interactive-charts-with-d3-js) - Anthony Ilukwe
* [How to handle dynamic JSON Data (enter/exit)](http://pothibo.com/2013/09/d3-js-how-to-handle-dynamic-json-data/) - Pier-Olivier Thibault
* [Understanding Selections](http://prcweb.co.uk/lab/selection/) - Peter Cook
* [Visualize with d3js](http://hsilomedus.me/wp-content/uploads/javadayd3/index.html) - Pance Cavkovski
* [Drawing a many-to-many relationship with a simple blog-post-tag example](http://vijayrc.com/vectorclocks/vrc/post/d3) - Vijay Chakravarthy
* [Introduction to D3, with applications to big data](http://www.samselikoff.com/tutorials/intro-to-d3-big-data.html) - Sam Selikoff
* [D3 Dynamic Tables with Nested Data](http://bl.ocks.org/LeeMendelowitz/11383724) - Lee Mendelowitz
* [Getting started with D3.js](http://eyalarubas.com/getting-started-with-d3js.html) - Eyal Arubas
* [Visualizing Data with D3.js](http://uwdata.github.io/d3-tutorials/#/) - Tutorials for [Data Visualization Course](http://cse.uw.edu/512) at University of Washington (compiled by Kanit "Ham" Wongsuphasawat)
* [On D3 Components](http://ag.svbtle.com/on-d3-components) by Pedram Emrouznejad
* [Notes on my D3 Visualizations Development Workflow](https://thoughtstreams.io/paltman/developing-d3-visualizations/) by Patrick Altman
* [Make a Force-Directed China Map with D3.js (Chinese)](http://www.ourd3js.com/wordpress/?p=318) by Mantouhuahua
* [The Force-Directed Relationship Diagram with D3.js (Chinese)](http://www.ourd3js.com/wordpress/?p=606) by Mantouhuahua
* [Introduction to D3.js(Traditional Chinese)](http://blog.infographics.tw/2015/03/d3js-the-introduction/) by infographics.tw
* [Learn D3.js from scratch(Italian)](http://www.neposlab.com/series/d3js/) by Carlo
* [Playing with React & D3.js](https://github.com/freddyrangel/playing-with-react-and-d3) by Freddy Rangel
* [Introduction to D3.js (Traditional Chinese)](http://www.slideshare.net/kurotanshi/study4tw-d3js) by Kuro Hsu
* [Building a chart with D3 and TypeScript](https://hstefanski.wordpress.com/2015/06/07/creating-a-chart-with-d3-and-typescript-part-1/) by [Hugues Stefanski](https://github.com/Ledragon)
* [From Zero to D3](http://www.coppelia.io/2016/01/from-zero-to-d3/) by Simon Raper
* [Let's Learn D3.js](https://buildingvts.com/let-s-learn-d3-js-708577173130) by Andrew Lin
* [Moreal D3.js Wiki](https://kb.moreal.co/d3) by Crypteia Networks
* [10 D3 Must Knows](http://animateddata.co.uk/articles/d3/whatisd3/) by Peter Cook

### Specific Techniques

* [Path and Transform Transitions](http://bost.ocks.org/mike/path/)
* [Let’s Make a Map](http://bost.ocks.org/mike/map/)
* [Towards Reusable Charts](http://bost.ocks.org/mike/chart/)
* [Using Inkscape with d3](http://christopheviau.com/d3_tutorial/d3_inkscape/) - Christophe Viau
* [Pie Chart Updating with Text](http://blog.stephenboak.com/2011/08/07/easy-as-a-pie.html) - Stephen Boak
* [How to Make Choropleth Maps in D3](http://blog.visual.ly/how-to-make-choropleth-maps-in-d3/) - EJ Fox
* [Converting dynamic SVG to PNG with node.js, d3 and Imagemagick](http://eng.wealthfront.com/2011/12/converting-dynamic-svg-to-png-with.html) - Wealthfront
* [Creating Animated Bubble Charts in D3](http://vallandingham.me/bubble_charts_in_d3.html) - Jim Vallandingham
* [Multiple area charts with d3.js](http://tympanus.net/codrops/2012/08/29/multiple-area-charts-with-d3-js/)
* [Creating a Polar Area Diagram](http://kreese.net/blog/2012/08/26/d3-js-creating-a-polar-area-diagram-radial-bar-chart/) - Kristopher Reese
* [Smooth Transitioning of Polar Area Diagrams](http://kreese.net/blog/2013/06/26/d3-js-smooth-transitioning-of-polar-area-diagram/) - Kristopher Reese
* [Building a lightweight, flexible d3.js dashboard (3-part series)](http://mobiledevmemo.com/building-a-lightweight-flexible-d3-js-dashboard-part-1-of-2/) - Eric Seufert
* [Integrating D3 with a CouchDB database](https://gist.github.com/anonymous/9275891) - Reinhard Engel and Simon Metson
* [An interactive explanation of quadtrees](http://jimkang.com/quadtreevis/) - Jim Kang
* [An A to Z of extra features for the d3 force layout](http://www.coppelia.io/an-a-to-z-of-extra-features-for-the-d3-force-layout/) - Simon Raper
* [Stream data to create realtime, live-updating D3.js charts](http://www.pubnub.com/blog/stream-data-to-create-realtime-charts-w-d3js-and-rickshaw/) - Ian Jennings
* [Graphing memory usage in realtime using D3.js and Rickshaw](http://www.pubnub.com/blog/graphing-node-js-memory-usage-d3-js-rickshaw/) - Ian Jennings

### D3 v4
* [Let’s Make a (D3) Plugin](https://bost.ocks.org/mike/d3-plugin/)
* [Reactive visualizations with D3 v4](https://t.co/4lp3OwO2xi)
* [A simple D3 plugin](https://537.io/a-simple-d3-plugin/)
* [Notes from the Unconf 2015](https://github.com/visfest/topics2015/wiki/Session-3A:-D3-v4-(modular))

## Blogs

* [Mike Bostock](http://bost.ocks.org/mike/)
* [Jan Willem Tulp](http://www.janwillemtulp.com/category/d3/)
* [Jérôme Cukier](http://www.jeromecukier.net/blog/category/d3/)
* [Jim Vallandingham](http://vallandingham.me/)
* [Bharat Bhole](http://knowledgestockpile.blogspot.com/search/label/D3)
* [OUR D3.JS(Chinese)](http://www.ourd3js.com/wordpress/)
* [Peter Cook](http://animateddata.co.uk/articles/)
* [PubNub](http://www.pubnub.com/blog/tag/d3-js/)
* [infographics.tw](http://blog.infographics.tw/tag/d3js/)
* [neposlab.com (italian)](http://www.neposlab.com/tag/d3js/)

## Books

* [Getting Started with D3](http://shop.oreilly.com/product/0636920025429.do)<br>Mike Dewar, O'Reilly Media, June 2012
* [Interactive Data Visualization for the Web](http://chimera.labs.oreilly.com/books/1230000000345)<br>Scott Murray, O'Reilly Media, November 2012
* [Data Visualization with d3.js](http://www.packtpub.com/data-visualization-with-d3js/book)<br>Swizec Teller, Packt Publishing, October 2013
* [Data Visualization with D3.js Cookbook](http://www.packtpub.com/data-visualization-with-d3-js-cookbook/book)<br>Nick Qi Zhu, Packt Publishing, October 2013
* [Mastering D3.js](https://www.packtpub.com/web-development/mastering-d3js)<br>Pablo Navarro Castillo, Packt Publishing, August 2014
* [D3.js in Action](http://www.manning.com/meeks/)<br>Elijah Meeks, Manning Publications, 2014
* [Learning D3.js Mapping](https://www.packtpub.com/web-development/learning-d3js-mapping)<br> Thomas Newton, Oscar Villarreal, Packt Publishing, 2014
* [Visual Storytelling with D3](http://ritchiesking.com/book/)<br>Ritchie King, Addison-Wesley, 2014
* [D3 on AngularJS](https://leanpub.com/d3angularjs)<br>Ari Lerner + Victor Powell, Leanpub, 2014
* [Data Visualization with d3.js Cookbook](http://oreil.ly/1JCkacm)

## Courses

* [Data Visualization and D3.js](https://www.udacity.com/course/ud507)<br>Jonathan Dinu + Ryan Orban, Udacity, 2014
* [Data Visualization and Infographics with D3.js](http://journalismcourses.org/D3.html)<br>Alberto Cairo + Scott Murray, Knight Center, 2015

## Talks and Videos

* [Introduction to D3](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8jvoTV54nXw)<br>Curran Kelleher, Bay Area D3 Meetup, April 2015
* [Free tagtree screencast - thinking with joins](https://www.tagtree.tv/d3-episode2-thinking-with-joins?share_code=unloveable-peanut)
<br>August 2014
* [For Example](https://vimeo.com/channels/544709/69448223) [(Write-up)](http://bost.ocks.org/mike/example/) <br>Eyeo Festival, June 2013.
* [Visualizing Data with Web Standards](http://cdn-smooth.ms-studiosmedia.com/events/W3C/Day2/Web_Standards.mp4) [(Slides)](http://mbostock.github.com/d3/talk/20111116/) <br>W3Conf, November 2011.
* [SVG Open Keynote (Slides)](http://mbostock.github.com/d3/talk/20111018/) <br>Microsoft Research, October 2011.
* [Use the Force!](http://vimeo.com/29458354) [(Slides)](http://mbostock.github.com/d3/talk/20110921/) <br>Trulia, September 2011.
* [D3 workshop (Slides)](http://bost.ocks.org/mike/d3/workshop/)<br>VIZBI, March 2012.
* [Intro to d3](http://webholics.github.com/talk-munichjs-d3/#2.0)<br>JavaScript User Group Munich, March 2012
* [Simple D3.js Bar Chart Webcast](http://enja.org/2011/09/15/simple-d3-js-pie-chart-webcast/)<br>Ian Johnson.
* [Using Selections in D3 to Make Data-Driven Visualizations](http://blog.visual.ly/using-selections-in-d3-to-make-data-driven-visualizations/)<br>Ian Johnson.
* [Visual.ly Meetup Recap: Introductory D3 Workshop](http://blog.visual.ly/visual-ly-meetup-recap-introductory-d3-workshop/)<br>Aleksandra Todorova, Visual.ly February 16 2011.
* [First steps in data visualisation using d3.js](http://vimeo.com/35005701)<br>Mike Dewar, New York Open Statistical Programming Meetup January 12 2012
* [Data Visualization Using D3.js](http://www.ustream.tv/recorded/20313703)<br>Jim McCusker, TWed talk February 2012
* [An introduction to d3.js video with synced visualisation](http://latentflip.github.com/d3/techmeetup)<br>Philip Roberts at TechMeetup Edinburgh, November 2012
* [Slides and live code from the GAFFTA d3 intro workshop](http://enjalot.github.com/intro-d3/gaffta/#/)<br> Ian Johnson 2012
* [Data Visualization with D3.js, slides and video](http://benclinkinbeard.com/talks/2012/NCDevCon/#/)<br>Ben Clinkinbeard, NCDevCon 2012
* [Design process of The Electoral Map](http://shancarter.com/talk/2012/visualized/)<br>Shan Carter, Big Data Think Tank December 2012
* [D3.js - Data Visualisation in the Browser](http://prcweb.co.uk/slides/d3/)<br>Peter Cook, Async Brighton, January 2013
* [An Intro to D3.js - Data-Driven Delight](http://anna.ps/talks/fel/)<br>Anna Powell-Smith, Front-End London, January 2013
* [Building apps with D3.js](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hhSlX_r7GZA)<br>Nathan Vander Wilt, CascadiaJS, November 2013
* [Data visualization for the web with D3.js (English slides)](http://ptamarit.com/slides-data-viz-web-d3/en/)<br>[Visualisation de données pour le web avec D3.js (French video)](http://www.infoq.com/fr/presentations/visualisation-donnees-web-d3js) [(French slides)](http://ptamarit.com/slides-data-viz-web-d3/fr/)<br>Pablo Tamarit, Soft-Shake conference, October 2013
* [Ember and D3: Building a simple dashboard](http://www.samselikoff.com/blog/2013/08/09/ember-d3-simple-dashboards/)<br>Sam Selikoff, Boston Ember Meetup, August 2013
* [D3 Layouts](http://animateddata.co.uk/slides/d3-layouts/slides/#/)<br>Peter Cook, Async Brighton, January 2015
* [Building Interactive Data Visualizations](https://github.com/Jay-Oh-eN/strata-interactive-data-viz)<br>Jonathan Dinu, Strata San Jose, February 2015

## Meetups

* [Bay Area d3 User Group](http://www.meetup.com/Bay-Area-d3-User-Group/)
* [NYC D3.js](http://www.meetup.com/NYC-D3-JS/)
* [London d3.js User Group] (http://lanyrd.com/series/london-d3-js/)
* [Boston d3.js User Group](http://www.meetup.com/Boston-d3-js-User-Group/)
* [Berlin Visualization Group](http://www.meetup.com/Data-Visualization-Berlin/)
* [Belo Horizonte d3.js User Group](http://www.meetup.com/d3js-BH/)
* [Twin Cities D3.js Meetup Group](http://www.meetup.com/Twin-Cities-D3js/)
* [Boulder/Denver D3.js and Data Visualization](http://www.meetup.com/Boulder-Denver-D3-and-Data-Visualization/)
* [Austin d3.js Meetup](http://www.meetup.com/Austin-d3-js-Meetup/)
* [Auckland d3-js](http://www.meetup.com/Auckland-d3-js/)
* [Bangalore d3.js User Group](http://www.meetup.com/Bangalore-d3-js-User-Group/)
* [Boulder-Denver D3.js and Data Visualization] (http://www.meetup.com/Boulder-Denver-D3-and-Data-Visualization/)
* [Taipei D3.js Meetup](http://www.meetup.com/Taipei-D3-js-Meetup/)


## Research Papers

* [[D3: Data-Driven Documents|http://vis.stanford.edu/papers/d3]]<br>Michael Bostock, Vadim Ogievetsky, Jeffrey Heer<br>*IEEE Trans. Visualization & Comp. Graphics (Proc. InfoVis)*, 2011
